How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Viewing a difference help us to find out the error and correct the code and help us in to solve problem.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    if we know each stage of file then we better know the codes and it will be easy for us to find out if any bug is introduced and
     it help us to become more efficient programmer.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    It can happen sometimes we have not commited the code and it can be lost due to power failure or hard disk crash or anything.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    version control systems allow saving multiple files becuase a project can have as much as files according to size of project 
    but google docs have different files .

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log is used to see all the previous commits. It contains all the previous commmits with commit id , date, time, message. git diff is used to see difference between two commits using commit id.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Verion control flexibility to checkout previous changes  and this feature gives confidence to make changes.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Git for version-control in my current projects and upcoming projects


 How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
     

   Entire history shows us every step of change and by knowing each step of change help us to solve problem more efficiently.   